books.markdown, before:

---
layout: home
title: "Oleksandr Fisun: Leading Cybersecurity with Expertise and Innovation"
---

Welcome to my professional portfolio. I am Oleksandr Fisun, a seasoned Cybersecurity Manager specializing in threat analysis, incident response, and robust solution delivery. With a career dedicated to fortifying digital defenses, I bring a strategic and technical edge to cybersecurity.

## Professional Highlights

- **Current Role:** Cybersecurity Manager at Ansell. Leading the charge in network security and technical infrastructure management.
- **Notable Skills:** Forensic Analysis, CyberOps, Risk Management.
- **Languages:** Fluent in English, Ukrainian, Polish and Russian.

## Certifications

Check out on [Credly](https://www.credly.com/users/oleksandr-fisun){:target="_blank"}

## Career Achievements

- **Ansell:** Spearheaded cybersecurity operations, significantly improved assets visibility, and integrated key cybersecurity controls.
- **Upwork:** Excelled as a Freelance Web and iOS Developer, offering technical solutions to a diverse client base.
- **HCL Technologies:** Progressed from IT Helpdesk Analyst to Senior IT Helpdesk Analyst, demonstrating leadership and technical expertise.

## Education

- Master of Engineering in Automation Engineering from Odesa National Academy of Food Technologies, Ukraine.

## Let's Connect

I am passionate about enhancing cybersecurity measures and sharing knowledge in this ever-evolving field. If you're interested in collaboration or wish to learn more, feel free to reach out.

Commit message:

new file:   _includes/header copy.html 	modified:   _includes/header.html 	modified:   books.markdown 	modified:   index.markdown

books.markdown, after:

---
layout: home
title: "Oleksandr Fisun: Cybersecurity Essentials Recommended Reading"
menu_title: Books
---

Welcome to my curated collection of essential readings in cybersecurity. On this page, you'll find a hand-picked selection of books that I highly recommend for anyone preparing for cybersecurity certification exams or seeking deeper insights into the field. These books range from technical guides to thought-provoking reads that have significantly influenced my approach to cybersecurity. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned professional, these resources are invaluable tools to broaden your knowledge and skills. Happy reading!

## Professional Highlights

- **Current Role:** Cybersecurity Manager at Ansell. Leading the charge in network security and technical infrastructure management.
- **Notable Skills:** Forensic Analysis, CyberOps, Risk Management.
- **Languages:** Fluent in English, Ukrainian, Polish and Russian.

## Certifications

Check out on [Credly](https://www.credly.com/users/oleksandr-fisun){:target="_blank"}

## Career Achievements

- **Ansell:** Spearheaded cybersecurity operations, significantly improved assets visibility, and integrated key cybersecurity controls.
- **Upwork:** Excelled as a Freelance Web and iOS Developer, offering technical solutions to a diverse client base.
- **HCL Technologies:** Progressed from IT Helpdesk Analyst to Senior IT Helpdesk Analyst, demonstrating leadership and technical expertise.

## Education

- Master of Engineering in Automation Engineering from Odesa National Academy of Food Technologies, Ukraine.

## Let's Connect

I am passionate about enhancing cybersecurity measures and sharing knowledge in this ever-evolving field. If you're interested in collaboration or wish to learn more, feel free to reach out.
